Docs/frontend (introductory) (#2)
redballoonsecurity/ofrak: docs/index.md

See [ofrak.com](https://ofrak.com) for more details.

### GUI Frontend

> The GUI view provides a navigate-able resource tree, and for the selected resource: metadata, hex navigation, and an

Reviewer: See above.

```suggestion
The GUI view provides a navigable resource tree, and for the selected resource: metadata, hex navigation, and an
```

entropy / byteclass / magnitude map sidebar. The GUI also allows for actions normally available through the python API
like commenting, unpacking, analysis, modification and packing of resources.

#### Layout:
```
  ,_________.___________._____________________.___________.
  | Actions | Resource  |       HEX view      | Visualizer |
  |         | tree      |                     |            |
  |         |           |                     | Any of:    |
  |         |           |                     |  Entropy   |
  |         |           |                     |  Byteclass |
  |_________|___________|                     |  Magnitude |
  |                     |                     |  ...       |
  |  Tags & Attributes  |                     |            |
  |   (of selection)    |                     |            |
  |                     |                     |            |

>   L_____________________._____________________.____________,

Reviewer: I love this!!!!
